fix(readme): Enhance readme (#113)
fluencelabs/fRPC-Substrate: README.md

npm -g i @fluencelabs/cli@unstable
```

> Before you proceed, you should have, say, three RPC endpoint urls, e.g., Infura, Alchemy and QuickNode, for the same EVM-based chain you are using in your dAPP. Update the `configs/quickstart_config.json` by providing your endpoint urls and ignore the rest of the parameters for now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you proceed, you should have, say, three RPC endpoint urls, e.g., Infura, Alchemy and Ankr, for the same EVM-based chain you are using in your dAPP. Update the `configs/quickstart_config.json` by providing your endpoint urls and ignore the rest of the parameters for now:
```

Reviewer: the method selection should be addressed. currently, round-robin is suggested but it could be quorum, which requires specifying the quorumNumber.

Author: Why substitute QuickNode with Ankr?

Author: Other algorithms are described later in the doc
Quickstart is about getting default thing working as fast as possible
Should we describe other algorithms right here?

Author: Also quorum does not **require** `quorumNumber`, it has a default of `2`

Reviewer: > Why substitute QuickNode with Ankr?

they made the use of a free account very difficult with a lot of limitations.

Reviewer: > Other algorithms are described later in the doc Quickstart is about getting default thing working as fast as possible Should we describe other algorithms right here?

up to you. i actually think the entire document should be redone and all your work is getting us there. so much appreciated. re algo descritions, yes, that could work. want to give it a try?

Now start the gateway:

**Command**:

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```bash
```

With the gateway ready for action, all you have to do is change your dApps HTTP transport url to `http://127.0.0.1:3000` and keep using your dApp as usual. In the absence of a dAPP, we can interact with the gateway from the command line:

**Command**:

```bash
curl http://127.0.0.1:3000  \
    -X POST \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_blockNumber","params": [],"id":100}'
```

**Output**:

```bash

> {"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":100,"result":"0x82b950"}

Reviewer: should add that readers result will be different.

Author: Should we? I am not against it, but then we should add it almost to every output presented. 
And, I mean, isn't it obvious for anyone who has at least some sense of what is going on here?

Reviewer: you'd be surprised especially when we try to get hackathoners going in a short period of time. but let's skip it for now.

**Command**:

```bash
fluence module add
```

**Output**:

```bash
? Enter path to a module or url to .tar.gz archive wasm-modules/demo
? Enter service name from fluence.yaml or path to the service directory wasm-modules
Added demo to ~/localdev/fRPC-Substrate/wasm-modules/service.yaml
```

The demo module is now part of the service and `fluence build`, for example, now compiles the *demo* module as part of the project build. You can create a new service with the `fluence service new` command. Note that the implication of creating a new service, possibly in a new project directory, is that you intend to deploy that service separately from the *eth-rpc* service. Of course, you will need to write Aqua code to be able to interact with your new module.

To get rid of the demo project for now, use `fluence module remove` to unlink the module from the *fluence.yaml* and *service.yaml* files; the old *rm -r <path/demo>* gets rid of the code template.

### Deploying A Service

> :warning: **Warning**: For quickstart, services are already deployed for you. But if you want to deploy services in this repository yourself, you should remove old deployment information first:
> ```bash

> > rm -rf .fluence

Reviewer: seems a little drastic. renaming workers.yaml tends to work quite well and that way there is an easy rollback not involving git. the env.yaml gets auto-recreated anyway.

Author: Agree. Did it because it is more future-proof.

> ```

> > `fluence deal deploy` is capable of redeploying services, so you don't have to do it every time. But one can't redeploy a deal he doesn't not own, so you will get a error without this step for this repository.

Reviewer: why is there a concern of re-deploying every time? 
> But one can't redeploy a deal he doesn't not own, ...
are you trying to convey that changes to the default services requires a new deploy?

Author: "Do it every time" is referring to "remove previous deployment information". I am trying to convey that when working with your own project, you don't need to do hacks like this, fluence CLI will take care of you.

With a service, in this case the *eth-rpc* service, ready for deployment, we simply use the `fluence deal deploy`:

**Command**:

```bash
fluence deal deploy
```

**Output**:

```bash
Using kras environment to sign contracts
    Finished release [optimized] target(s) in 0.05s # (1)
Connecting to kras relay: /dns4/7-kras.fluence.dev/tcp/9000/wss/p2p/12D3KooWDUszU2NeWyUVjCXhGEt1MoZrhvdmaQQwtZUriuGN1jTr
Connected

Creating deal for worker defaultWorker # (2)

To approve transactions to your wallet using metamask, open the following url: # (3)

> https://cli-connector.fluence.dev/?wc=3df74b36a4459be644172d82e114297a65330ada4e77bc8afba67688064f033e%402&relay-protocol=irn&symKey=5b9b1773203cfe98c86bb8d611ff7945173430f5fb056fcd95f79919adbb0bae

Reviewer: should tell reader what that trasnaction does and maybe how to read it metamask before signing? same for 519

Author: Added comments on what transactions are about below. Didn't get what is "read it metamask". If you are talking about how to open and sign them in metamask it is described below as well.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
Before signing a transaction, carefully inspect its origin and content. Different wallets have different security features. If you are using MetaMASK, carefully review your Security & privacy settings.

or go to https://cli-connector.fluence.dev and enter the following connection string there:

wc:4c6084bf73667a0f02795048002dfdaff8e6b1be22495f989e6d04995ad2e8ba@2?relay-protocol=irn&symKey=8b19aba8c445bd37819f60ef0bafe2e4098424dc5d570a8dfeaf4b57cc1e794d

Confirm transaction in your wallet...
# Waiting for transaction to be mined......
3 workers joined the deal 0x06AAe83F938890c47FA7C667392e01D9E3052961 # (5)

Success!

created deals: # (6)
  defaultWorker:
    deal: https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/0x06AAe83F938890c47FA7C667392e01D9E3052961
    worker definition: bafkreigzfyfis2pmfr425dwpeql4hsrat5d7hpdthlxwzhefd23kw7gtey
    timestamp: 2023-10-12T14:39:21.570Z
```

One little command is doing quite a bit so you don't have to. Let's work through the process:

* for an up-to-date look, all service assets, i.e., modules, are (re-) compiled (1)
* a (new) Deal with both on-chain and off-chain activities is created (2)
  * the wasm modules and config are uploaded to IPFS node where deal-participating peer's workers can fetch the package by CID

> * now you have to get involved! you are presented with uris to get metamask to ask you to sign your escrow payment to the contract (3) (4). Copy and paste the uris to your browser and eventually, Metamask should pop-up with a signing request. A transaction is displayed only in hex, so double check the other request params to make sure you're signing the Mumbai transaction. This is what you should see:

Reviewer 2: I think it might make sense to stress the point of needing to paste URI **twice**, and approve a total of **two** transactions.

![Sign TX](./images/sign_tx_metamask.png)
* once you sign transactions, the deal is created and the workers join the deal, deploying your services (5)

> * finally, deployment information is saved for future use in Aqua scripts (6)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* finally, the deployment information is saved for future use in Aqua scripts (6)
```

Could you please pass this doc through Grammarly to account for missing articles? That's tough to do manually.

> * finally, deployment information is saved for future use in Aqua scripts (6)

Reviewer: might be a good time to demonstrate the `fluence workers log` command and output.

```

Which created a Rust project in the *wasm-module/demo-module* directory ready for you to customize. When you're done, you add the new module to your service config, service.yaml:

**Command**:

```bash
fluence module add
```

**Output**:

```bash
? Enter path to a module or url to .tar.gz archive wasm-modules/demo
? Enter service name from fluence.yaml or path to the service directory wasm-modules
Added demo to ~/localdev/fRPC-Substrate/wasm-modules/service.yaml
```

The demo module is now part of the service and `fluence build`, for example, now compiles the *demo* module as part of the project build. You can create a new service with the `fluence service new` command. Note that the implication of creating a new service, possibly in a new project directory, is that you intend to deploy that service separately from the *eth-rpc* service. Of course, you will need to write Aqua code to be able to interact with your new module.

To get rid of the demo project for now, use `fluence module remove` to unlink the module from the *fluence.yaml* and *service.yaml* files; the old *rm -r <path/demo>* gets rid of the code template.

### Deploying A Service

> > :warning: **Warning**: For quickstart, services are already deployed for you. But if you want to deploy services in this repository yourself, you should remove old deployment information first:

Reviewer: this isn't resolving right:
<img width="725" alt="image" src="https://github.com/fluencelabs/fRPC-Substrate/assets/4523011/dca70ba5-035d-4a8a-b6db-b2a35321705a">

Author: How do you view this? I use "show rich diff" on this PR in github UI and I get:
<img width="886" alt="image" src="https://github.com/fluencelabs/fRPC-Substrate/assets/23400549/1e2f7eb8-b25b-4897-acec-b54907c6790c">
Github has its own markdown flavour

Success!

created deals: # (6)
  defaultWorker:
    deal: https://mumbai.polygonscan.com/address/0x06AAe83F938890c47FA7C667392e01D9E3052961
    worker definition: bafkreigzfyfis2pmfr425dwpeql4hsrat5d7hpdthlxwzhefd23kw7gtey
    timestamp: 2023-10-12T14:39:21.570Z
```

One little command is doing quite a bit so you don't have to. Let's work through the process:

* for an up-to-date look, all service assets, i.e., modules, are (re-) compiled (1)
* a (new) Deal with both on-chain and off-chain activities is created (2)
  * the wasm modules and config are uploaded to IPFS node where deal-participating peer's workers can fetch the package by CID
* now you have to get involved! You are presented with two transactions, one after the other, for you to sign. To sign a transaction, copy and paste the uri to your browser and Metamask should pop up with a signing request eventually. A transaction is displayed only in hex, so double-check the other request parameters to make sure you're signing the Mumbai transaction. This is what you should see:
![Sign TX](./images/sign_tx_metamask.png)
  * first transaction is for the Deal on-chain creation (3)

>   * second transaction is for the Deal's on-chain matching (4)

Reviewer: folex should be releasing the updated getting started and quickstart docs very soon. might be worthwhile coming back to this and add links to deals and matching.

* once you sign the transactions, the deal is created and workers join the deal, deploying your services (5)
* finally, deployment information is saved for future use in Aqua scripts (6)

> Fluence CLI did a bunch of work for us behind the scenes and signing the transaction is a lot quicker than entering (virtual) credit card information. The parametric details necessary to write Aqua scripts are saved in [deals.aqua](./.fluence/aqua/deals.aqua) and serve as an important dependency in your Aqua scripts, as we'll see in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fluence CLI did a bunch of work for us behind the scenes and signing the transaction is a lot quicker than entering (virtual) credit card information. Fluence CLI organized a set of parameters needed by our Aqua scripts in [deals.aqua](./.fluence/aqua/deals.aqua) for easy importing.```

> Note that the deal's section in [fluence.yaml](./fluence.yaml) specifies the number of workers that should be deployed specified by *targetWorkers*. The default is three (3) and can be customized. It is important to note that this is a desire not a guarantee as the actual deployment depends on the number of peers willing to participate in the deal. Currently, *all* the testnet peers operated by Fluence will participate in your deal.

Reviewer: doesn't look correct anymore
```suggestion
Note that the deal's section in [fluence.yaml](./fluence.yaml) specifies the minimum and maximum workers that should be deployed under the *defaultWorker* namespace. Fluence CLI currently provides default values for min and max workers  of one (1) and three (3), respectively. In the near future, you will be able to provide your spot price for service execution, hosting targets in form of named capacity providers and more. Stay tuned!
```

> ```bash
> rm -rf .fluence
> ```

> > `fluence deal deploy` is capable of redeploying services, so you don't have to do it every time. But one can't redeploy a deal he doesn't own, so you will get a error without this step for this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `fluence deal deploy` is capable of redeploying services, so you don't have to do it every time. But one can't redeploy a deal one doesn't own, so you will get a error unless you are working to modify a Deal you created.
```

  <- quorumResult
```

A quorum, aka "off-chain consensus", "determines" a result by a ranked frequency distribution of the results pool and makes a selection against a quorum threshold value, e.g., 2/3 of items in the results pool must be equal for a quorum result to be accepted. Moreover, additional parameters such as the minimum number of items in the result pool may be added. Depending on your trust in the peers processing the endpoint requests or even the peer executing the quorum algorithm, additional verification steps may have to be added. There is one more pertinent consideration when it comes to designing quorum algorithms: the differentiation between (on-chain) read and write operations.

> In the fRPC substrate implementation, we provide a basic quorum algo that polls each endpoint in parallel (1) and captures the results in a stream variable (2) and bounds the loop with a timeout condition running (3) in parallel to (1). See the [Aqua book](https://fluence.dev/docs/aqua-book/language/flow/parallel#timeout-and-race-patterns) for more details. Finally, we check the results and return the result (4). As evidenced by the code, no considerations to differentiate between read and write operations are made, which might prove disadvantageous when submitting, for example, a signed transaction (hint, hint to all you hackathon participants).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the fRPC substrate implementation, we provide a basic quorum algo that polls each endpoint in parallel (1) and captures the results in a stream variable (2) and binds the loop with a timeout condition (3) running in parallel to (1). See the [Aqua book](https://fluence.dev/docs/aqua-book/language/flow/parallel#timeout-and-race-patterns) for more details. Finally, we check the results and return the result (4). As evidenced by the code, no considerations to differentiate between read and write operations are made, which might prove disadvantageous when submitting, for example, a signed transaction.
```

## Summary

> fRPC is a design pattern to efficiently mitigate risks inherent in centralized RPC providers for dApps using Fluence's decentralized serverless compute protocol. fRPC Substrate is a basic implementation of the fRPC design pattern that dApp users can use out of the box with no changes to their frontend. Moreover, Fluence is sponsoring hackathons, like EthDenver 2023, for developers to try the substrate and hack on and expand on the control algorithms provided to serve their needs and provide improvements to the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fRPC is a design pattern to efficiently mitigate risks inherent in centralized RPC providers for dApps using Fluence's decentralized serverless compute protocol. fRPC Substrate is a basic implementation of the fRPC design pattern that dApp users can use out of the box with no changes to their frontend. Once you tried fRPC, feel free to experiment with the code and let us know about your journey in the [Fluence Discord](https;//fluence.chat) developer channel.
```

> For support, to discuss your ideas or to schedule presentations of your solutions to the Fluence and fRPC community at large, reach out in [discord]("https://fluence.chat") or [telegram](https://t.me/fluence_project).

Reviewer: might as well delete that.

Author: Why?

Reviewer: we haven't formalized the design pattern, the hackathon references are outdated and the document needs to be reworked for future hackathons. so not much point confusing people with incomplete or outdated info.
